END USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This End User Software License Agreement is a legal agreement between you (the 
"Licensee") and Ross Video Limited ("Ross Video") specifying the terms and 
conditions of your installation and use of the Software and all Documentation 
(as those terms are defined herein). 

IMPORTANT: 

BY DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND/OR 
DOCUMENTATION AND/OR BY AUTHORIZING ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT 
LIMITATION AN INSTALLER OR COMMISSIONER ACTING ON ITS BEHALF TO DO SO, LICENSEE 
AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER SHALL 
BE EFFECTIVE AS OF AND FROM SUCH DATE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO ACCEPT THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, ACCESS, INSTALL, REFER TO OR 
OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE AND/OR DOCUMENTATION.

1.	INTERPRETATION.  In this Agreement, (a) words signifying the singular 
number include the plural and vice versa, and words signifying gender include 
all genders; (b) every use of the words "herein", "hereof", "hereto" 
"hereunder" and similar words shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in 
its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof; (c) reference to any 
agreement or other document herein will be construed as referring to such 
agreement or other document as from time to time amended, modified or 
supplemented (subject to any restrictions on such amendment, modification or 
supplement set forth therein); (d) every use of the words "including" or 
"includes" is to be construed as meaning "including, without limitation" or 
"includes, without limitation", respectively; and (e) references to an Article 
or a Section are to be construed as references to an Article or Section of or 
to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.

2.	DEFINITIONS. In this Agreement, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere 
in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set out below:

"Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who directly or 
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common 
control with, such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control a Person if such 
Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the term 
"controlled" and "controlling" shall have a similar meaning.

"Agreement" means this End User Software License Agreement including the 
recitals hereto, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions hereof.

"Backup System" means the secondary piece of Designated Equipment upon which 
the Software is installed and mirrored for the sole purpose of replacing a 
Primary System in the event such Primary System is not available or functioning 
properly for any reason.

"Change of Control" means (a) the direct or indirect sale, transfer or exchange 
by the shareholders of a Party of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting 
securities of such Party, (b) a merger or amalgamation or reorganization or 
other transaction to which a Party is party after which the shareholders of 
such Party immediately prior to such transaction hold less than fifty percent 
(50%) of the voting securities of the surviving entity, (c) the sale, exchange, 
or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of a Party.

 "Confidential Information" means all data and information relating to the 
business and management of either Party, including the Software, trade secrets 
and other technology to which access is obtained or granted hereunder by the 
other Party, and any materials provided by Ross Video to Licensee; provided, 
however, that Confidential Information shall not include any data or 
information which:

(i)	is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the other Party;

(ii)	is already in the rightful possession of the other Party prior to its 
receipt from the other Party;

(iii)	is already known to the receiving Party at the time of its disclosure 
to the receiving Party by the disclosing Party and is not the subject of an 
obligation of confidence of any kind;

(iv)	is independently developed by the other Party; 

(v)	is rightfully obtained by the other Party from a third party; or

(vi)	is disclosed with the written consent of the Party whose information it 
is. 

 "Designated Equipment" shall mean (a) the hardware products sold by Ross Video 
to Licensee on which the Software is installed and licensed for use, as the 
same may be replaced from time to time by Ross Video; or (b) in the case of 
Software licensed on a stand-alone basis, the equipment of Licensee on which 
the Software is to be installed and meets the minimum specifications set out in 
the Documentation. 

"Documentation" shall mean manuals, instruction guides, user documentation and 
other related materials of any kind pertaining to the Software (whether in 
electronic, hard-copy or other media format) that are furnished to Licensee by 
or on behalf of Ross Video in relation to the Software. 

"Freeware" means Software that is available free of charge from Ross Video, and 
includes, without limitation the master control system software known as 
"Dashboard".

"Governmental Authority" means (a) any federal, provincial, state, local, 
municipal, regional, territorial, aboriginal, or other government, governmental 
or public department, branch, ministry, or court, domestic or foreign, 
including any district, agency, commission, board, arbitration panel or 
authority and any subdivision of any of them exercising or entitled to exercise 
any administrative, executive, judicial, ministerial, prerogative, legislative, 
regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature; and (b) any 
quasi-governmental or private body exercising any regulatory, expropriation or 
taxing authority under or for the account of any of them, and any subdivision 
of any of them.

"Improvements" means all inventions, works, discoveries, improvements and 
innovations of or in connection with the Software, including error corrections, 
bug fixes, patches and other updates in Object Code form to the extent made 
available to Licensee in accordance with Ross Video’s release schedule.

"License Fee" means the fee(s), if any, payable in respect of the Software in 
accordance with the relevant invoice(s) or other purchase documents delivered 
in connection with this Agreement. 

"License Period" means the period of time that Licensee will have the rights 
granted under this Agreement, as may be specified in an Order.

"Modifications" means any enhancements, changes, corrections, translations, 
adaptations, revisions, developments, upgrades or updates thereto; and "Modify" 
shall mean the creation of any of the foregoing. 

"Object Code" means the machine readable executable form of a computer software 
program. 

"Open Source Components" means third party Open Source software, libraries or 
other components.

"Open Source License" means the license that governs each Open Source Component.

"Order" means the documents provided by Ross Video to Licensee detailing the 
Ross Video products contemplated for purchase, the corresponding fees and any 
License Period that may apply to the Software, including any and all 
quotations, purchase orders, acknowledgements, pro formas, invoices and other 
purchase documentation.

"Parties" means both Ross Video and Licensee and "Party" means either one of 
them as the context requires.

"Person" will be broadly interpreted and includes (a) a natural person, whether 
acting in his or her own capacity, or in his or her capacity as executor, 
administrator, estate trustee, trustee or personal or legal representative; (b) 
a corporation or a company of any kind, a partnership of any kind, a sole 
proprietorship, a trust, a joint venture, an association, an unincorporated 
association, an unincorporated syndicate, an unincorporated organization or any 
other association, organization or entity of any kind; and (c) a Governmental 
Authority.

"Primary System" means the Designated Equipment upon which the Software is 
installed and executed to deliver its intended functionality. 

"Released Claims" has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(b).

"Released Parties" has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(b).

"Ross Video" means Ross Video Limited and its Affiliates.

"Software" means the version of the Object Code licensed and delivered to 
Licensee by Ross Video concurrently with delivery of this Agreement, including 
without limitation the Freeware, and any subsequent error corrections, updates, 
Modifications or Improvements provided to Licensee by Ross Video pursuant to 
this Agreement, but specifically excluding any features or plug-ins that may be 
purchased by you directly from third parties as upgrades or enhancements to the 
Software.  

"Source Code" means the human readable form of a computer software program, and 
all tools and documentation necessary for a reasonably competent computer 
programmer to understand, maintain and Modify the Software.

"Third Party Software" means those portions of the Software, if any, which are 
owned or controlled by third parties and licensed to Ross Video pursuant to 
certain license agreements or arrangements with such third parties, including 
the Open Source Components and NDI® software (https://NDI.video ); and

"Use" means to execute, run, display, store, merge, network, Modify, translate, 
host or integrate with Licensee’s products or other third party software.

3.	LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon 
payment of the applicable License Fee by Licensee, or, in the case of Freeware 
only, upon download of the Software by Licensee onto its Designated Equipment,  
Ross Video hereby grants to Licensee a non-transferable and non-exclusive right 
to Use the Software and Documentation solely for the internal use of Licensee 
(the "License"), during the License Period.  In the event that a License Period 
is not identified on the Order, such License Period shall be deemed to be 
perpetual, subject to paragraph 10(c) of this Agreement. The Software shall 
only be used in connection with or installed on the Designated Equipment and, 
where applicable, shall only be used on the Primary System, provided such 
Primary System is operating properly. If the Primary System is not operating 
properly for any reason, the Software may be used on the designated Backup 
System for that Primary System until such time that the Primary System begins 
operating properly. The Software and Documentation are provided to Licensee for 
the exclusive use by Licensee’s organization for its ordinary business purposes 
and shall not be used by any third party for any purposes. Licensee may make 
copies of the Software as required for internal backup and archival purposes. 
To the extent permitted hereunder, Licensee may distribute copies of the 
Software and/or Documentation to members of its organization, provided (a) this 
Agreement is included with each copy, (b) any member of its organization who 
uses the Software and/or Documentation accepts and agrees to be bound by the 
terms of this Agreement and by any other license agreements or other agreement 
incorporated by reference into this Agreement, and (c) Licensee has paid any 
applicable additional License Fees in respect of copying and redistributing of 
the Software. To the extent Licensee is permitted to make copies of the 
Software under this Agreement, Licensee agrees to reproduce and include on any 
copy made or portion merged into another work, all Ross Video proprietary 
notices, including any notices with respect to copyrights, trademarks and this 
License. With the exception of copying the Software for backup or archival 
purposes, Licensee agrees to keep a record of the number and location of all 
such copies and will make such record available at Ross Video’s request. The 
Software may include mechanisms to limit or inhibit copying.

4.	LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. Except as otherwise provided in section 3 above, 
Licensee shall not: (1) copy any Software or Documentation, or part thereof, 
which is provided to Licensee by Ross Video pursuant to this Agreement, in 
Object Code form, Source Code form or other human or machine readable form, 
including written or printed documents, without the prior written consent of 
Ross Video; (2) in any way market, distribute, export, translate, transmit, 
merge, Modify, transfer, adapt, loan, rent, lease, assign, share, sub-license, 
sell, make available for download on any website or make available to another 
Person, the Software and/or Documentation, in whole or in part, provided that 
Licensee shall not be prohibited from renting or leasing the Software if Ross 
Video has consented, in writing, to Licensee engaging in such activities in 
respect of the Software; (3) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the 
Software or electronically transfer it into another computer language; or (4) 
Use the Software or Documentation in a manner that is inconsistent with the 
License granted hereunder or that will result in a breach of this Agreement. 
Licensee agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent third parties 
from using the Software and/or Documentation in any way that would constitute a 
breach of this Agreement, including such precautions Licensee would ordinarily 
take to protect its own proprietary software, hardware or information. 

5.	DELIVERY Ross Video shall deliver to Licensee one (1) master copy of the 
Software in compiled binary (executable) form suitable for reproduction in 
electronic files only and Ross Video shall deliver to Licensee a minimum of one 
copy of the Documentation.

6.	IMPROVEMENTS. Licensee may from time to time request Ross Video to 
incorporate certain Improvements into the Software. Ross Video may, in its sole 
discretion, undertake to incorporate and provide such Improvements to Licensee 
with or without payment of a fee to be negotiated at the time of such request. 
All Improvements, whether recommended and developed by Ross Video or Licensee, 
shall be considered the sole property of Ross Video and shall be used by 
Licensee pursuant to the terms of the License granted under this Agreement.  

7.	FREEWARE.  Other than the obligation to pay a License Fee, which does not 
apply to the Freeware, all other provisions of this End User Software License 
Agreement apply to the Freeware in the same way as they apply to all other 
Software that is the subject of this Agreement.  In addition, in connection 
with the Freeware, the following provisions apply:

a.	Licensee will not Use the Freeware to engage in or allow others to engage 
in any illegal activity.

b.	Licensee will not Use the Freeware in any way that will interfere with or 
damage the operation of the services of any third parties by 
overburdening/disabling network resources through automated queries, excessive 
usage or similar conduct.

c.	Licensee will not Use the Freeware to engage in any activity that will 
violate the rights of others, including, without limitation, by using it for 
operations that involve child labour, suppressing the right of freedom of 
expression or endangering the security of the person.

8.	OWNERSHIP. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, as between the Parties, 
Ross Video shall be the owner of all intellectual property rights in the 
Software, Documentation and all related Modifications and Improvements, written 
materials, logos, trademarks, trade names, copyright, patents, trade secrets 
and moral rights, registered or unregistered. No proprietary interest or title 
in or to the intellectual property in the Software, Documentation or any 
Improvements or Modifications is transferred to Licensee by this Agreement. 
Ross Video reserves all rights not expressly licensed to Licensee under section 
3. 

9.	OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE.

a.	Software may use and/or be provided with Open Source Components, including 
those detailed in the Third Party section below. To the extent stipulated by 
its Open Source License, each such Open Source Component is licensed directly 
to Licensee from its respective licensors and not sublicensed to Licensee by 
Ross Video, and such Open Source Component is subject to its respective Open 
Source License, and not to this Agreement. If, and to the extent, an Open 
Source Component requires that this Agreement effectively impose, or 
incorporate by reference, certain disclaimers, permissions, provisions, 
prohibitions or restrictions, then such disclaimers, permissions, provisions, 
prohibitions or restrictions shall be deemed to be imposed, or incorporated by 
reference into this Agreement, as required, and shall supersede any conflicting 
provision of this Agreement, solely with respect to the corresponding Open 
Source Component which is governed by such Open Source License.

b.	If Licensee, or another party on Licensee’s behalf, modifies, replaces or 
substitutes any Open Source Component used in or provided with this Software, 
Licensee hereby fully, forever, irrevocably and unconditionally releases and 
discharges Ross Video, its Affiliates and its and their employees, officers, 
directors, resellers, distributors and representatives (collectively, "Released 
Parties") from any and all claims, charges, complaints, demands, actions, 
causes of action, suits, rights, debts, covenants, liabilities, warranties, 
performance and maintenance and support obligations (collectively, "Released 
Claims"), of every kind and nature, with respect to such Software, including 
without limitation any such Released Claims that arise as a matter of 
applicable Law. 

c.	If an Open Source License requires that the source code of its 
corresponding Open Source Component be made available to Licensee, and such 
source code was not delivered to Licensee with the Software, then Ross Video 
hereby extends a written offer, valid for the period prescribed in such Open 
Source License, to obtain a copy of the source code of the corresponding Open 
Source Component, from Ross Video from 
https://www.rossvideo.com/open-source-information/.

10.	THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. 

a.	Licensee acknowledges that the Third Party Software is not owned by Ross 
Video. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Ross Video, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, offers no warranties (whether express, 
implied, statutory or by course of communication or dealing with Licensee, or 
otherwise) with respect to the Third Party Software. Ross Video may pass 
through to Licensee, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any 
warranties expressly provided by such third parties to Ross Video for such 
Third Party Software.

b.	FFmpeg Notice. The Software may utilize FFmpeg video components and their 
included libraries. FFmpeg is a trademark of Fabrice Bellard (originator of the 
FFmpeg project).  Ross Video disclaims any ownership claim to FFmpeg.  Please 
refer to http://ffmpeg.org  (copyright is in the FFmpeg developers).  FFmpeg is 
licensed under the Lesser GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1 or Lesser 
General Public License v3.0. GNU Lesser General Public, Free Software 
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.  
Licensee can distribute it and/or modify it under the terms of such licenses.

11.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY. 

a.	Ross Video agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensee from 
final damages awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Losses"), which Licensee, or any of its officers or 
directors, may incur, suffer or become liable for as a result of, or in 
connection with, any third party claim asserted against Licensee to the extent 
such claim is based on a contention that the Software, Documentation or any 
portion thereof, infringes any valid, registered, enforceable patents, 
copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of 
any third party, provided that (a) the allegedly infringing Software or 
Documentation has been used within the scope of and in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, and (b) Licensee notifies Ross Video in writing of 
such claim within ten (10) days of a responsible officer of Licensee becoming 
aware of such claim. If the Software, Documentation or any portion thereof is 
held to constitute an infringement of a third party’s intellectual property 
rights, and use thereof is enjoined, Ross Video shall, at its election and 
expense, either (i) procure the right to use the infringing element of the 
Software or Documentation; or (ii) replace or modify the element of the 
Software or Documentation so that the infringing portion is no longer 
infringing and still performs the same function without any material loss of 
functionality. Ross Video shall make every reasonable effort to correct the 
situation with minimal effect upon the operations of Licensee.

b.	Notwithstanding the above, Ross Video reserves the right to terminate this 
Agreement and the License granted hereunder on immediate notice to Licensee, 
and without liability to Licensee, in the event that the Software or 
Documentation constitutes or may, in Ross Video’s determination, constitute, an 
infringement of the rights of a third party that Ross Video, in its sole 
discretion, does not consider to be affordably remediable.

c.	Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately should any Software 
become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become, the subject of a 
claim of infringement of any intellectual property right and, in such event, 
there shall be no claim by either Licensee or Ross Video against the other 
arising out of such termination, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to 
a claim for infringement by Ross Video against Licensee in the event that 
Licensee is alleged to have infringed Ross Video's intellectual property 
rights, in which case Licensee shall remain liable for all outstanding License 
Fees and other amounts owing to Ross Video. 

d.	Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ross Video shall have no liability for any 
claim of infringement based on use of other than a current, unaltered release 
of the Software and/or Documentation available from Ross Video if such 
infringement would have been avoided by the use of a current, unaltered release 
of the Software and/or Documentation provided that such current, unaltered 
release performs substantially in conformity with the specifications set out in 
the Documentation and was provided, at no additional cost by Ross Video, to 
those subscribing for maintenance services for the Software or Documentation. 

12.	CONFIDENTIALITY. Each Party shall maintain in confidence all Confidential 
Information of the other Party, shall use such Confidential Information only 
for the purpose of exercising its rights and fulfilling its obligations under 
this Agreement, and shall not disclose any Confidential Information of the 
disclosing Party to any third party except as expressly permitted hereunder or 
make any unauthorized use thereof. Each Party shall disclose the Confidential 
Information only to those of its employees, consultants, advisors, and/or 
subcontractors who have a need to know the Confidential Information. Each Party 
shall, prior to disclosing the Confidential Information to such employees, 
consultants, advisors and/or subcontractors, obtain their agreement to receive 
and use the Confidential Information on a confidential basis on the same terms 
and conditions contained in this Agreement. The receiving Party shall treat the 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party with the same degree of care 
against disclosure and/or unauthorized use as it affords to its own information 
of a similar nature, or a reasonable degree of care, whichever is greater. The 
receiving Party further agrees not to remove or destroy any proprietary or 
confidential legends or markings placed upon any documents or other materials 
of the disclosing Party. The obligations of confidence set forth in this 
Agreement shall extend to any Affiliates that have received Confidential 
Information of the disclosing Party and shall also cover Confidential 
Information disclosed by any Affiliate. The receiving Party shall be 
responsible for any actions or omissions of its Affiliates as if such actions 
or omissions were its own.

Either party may disclose certain Confidential Information if it is expressly 
required to do so pursuant to legal, judicial, or administrative proceedings, 
or otherwise required by law, provided that (i) such Party provides the other 
Party with reasonable written notice prior to such disclosure; (ii) such Party 
seeks confidential treatment for such Confidential Information; (iii) the 
extent of such disclosure is only to the extent expressly required by law or 
under the applicable court order; and (iv) such Party complies with any 
applicable protective or equivalent order.

Each of Ross Video and Licensee (the "Indemnifying Party", as applicable) agree 
to indemnify the other (the "Indemnified Party", as applicable) for all Losses 
incurred by the Indemnified Party as a result of a failure of the Indemnifying 
Party to comply with its obligations under this Section 12 provided that the 
Indemnified Party has given prompt notice of any such claim and, to the extent 
that a claim may lie against a third party for the unauthorized disclosure of 
such Confidential Information, the right to control and direct the 
investigation, preparation, action and settlement of each such claim and, 
further, provided that the Indemnified Party reasonably co-operates with the 
Indemnifying Party in connection with the foregoing and provides the 
Indemnifying Party with all information in the Indemnified Party’s possession 
related to such claim and such further assistance as reasonably requested by 
the Indemnifying Party. 

The Parties acknowledge and agree that any breach of the confidentiality 
provisions of this Agreement by one Party may cause significant and irreparable 
injury to the other Party that is not compensable monetarily, as well as 
damages that may be difficult to ascertain, and agrees that, in addition to 
such other remedies that may be available at law or in equity, the other Party 
shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief (including temporary restraining 
orders, interim injunctions and permanent injunctions) in a court of competent 
jurisdiction in the event of the breach or threatened breach by such party of 
any of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.  The relief 
contemplated in this Section shall be available to each Party without the 
necessity of having to prove actual damages and without the necessity of having 
to post any bond or other security. Each Party further agrees to notify the 
other Party in the event that it learns of or has reason to believe that any 
Person has breached the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.

13.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. The limitation of liability provisions of this 
Agreement reflect an informed voluntary allocation of the risks (known and 
unknown) that may exist in connection with the licensing of the Software or 
Documentation hereunder by Ross Video, and that voluntary risk allocation 
represents a material part of the Agreement reached between Ross Video and 
Licensee. Should Ross Video be in breach of any obligation, Licensee agrees 
that Licensee’s remedies will be limited to those set forth in this Agreement. 
No action, regardless of form, arising out of this Agreement may be brought by 
Licensee more than twelve (12) months after the facts giving rise to the cause 
of action have occurred, regardless of whether those facts by that time are 
known to, or reasonably ought to have been discovered by, Licensee.

(A)	EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SOFTWARE AND 
DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ROSS VIDEO (I) MAKES NO OTHER 
REPRESENTATIONS, AND PROVIDES NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, BY USAGE OF TRADE CUSTOM OF DEALING, OR OTHERWISE, AND 
(II) SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED 
WARRANTY OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OPERATION, MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  ROSS VIDEO DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT 
THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET ANY OR ALL OF LICENSEE’S PARTICULAR REQUIREMENTS, 
THAT THE USE AND OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR 
UNINTERRUPTED, THAT ALL PROGRAMMING ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE CAN BE FOUND IN 
ORDER TO BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH OTHER 
PROGRAMS, SYSTEMS, AND HARDWARE.

(B)	IN NO EVENT SHALL ROSS VIDEO, ITS AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS, AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM 
FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, 
AGGRAVATED DAMAGES; LOST PROFITS, OR LOST REVENUE ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, OR 
IN TORT, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

(C)	IN ANY EVENT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ROSS VIDEO, ITS AFFILIATES AND 
LICENSORS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, FOR 
ANY CLAIM FOR DIRECT DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID TO ROSS VIDEO 
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

14.	TERM AND TERMINATION.

(1)	Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, 
the term of this Agreement shall commence upon Licensee’s first download, 
access, installation, or other use of the Software or Documentation and 
continues until, in the case of Software licensed with Designated Equipment 
provided by Ross Video, the earliest of (a) the end of the License Period, or 
(b) if the Designated Equipment is assigned or transferred in accordance with 
this Agreement, the date on which the Designated Equipment is no longer owned 
by Licensee; 

(2)	Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on notice to 
the other Party if:

(a)	the other Party fails to pay any fees or other amounts when due hereunder 
or under any other agreement between the Parties (or any Affiliates of the 
Parties, as applicable) in connection with the Software and/or Designated 
Equipment and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after written 
notice of such failure to pay is given to the defaulting Party by the 
non-defaulting Party;

(b)	the other Party shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or insolvency 
or shall petition for reorganization under any bankruptcy law, consent to an 
involuntary petition in bankruptcy, or if a receiving order is given against it 
under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or the comparable law of any 
other jurisdiction (and such is not dismissed within ten (10) days);

(c)	there shall be entered an order, judgment or decree by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, upon the application of a creditor, approving a petition seeking 
reorganization or appointing a receiver, trustee or liquidator of all or a 
substantial part of the other Party’s assets and such order, judgment or decree 
continues in effect for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days; or

(d)	the other Party shall fail to perform any of the other material obligations 
set forth in this Agreement and such default, in the case of a default which is 
remediable, continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice of 
such failure has been given by the non-defaulting Party or, in the case of a 
non-remediable default, immediately upon notice.

(3)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement:

(a) 	Ross Video may forthwith terminate this Agreement if Licensee is in 
breach of any of sections 3, 4 or 12 of this Agreement. For greater certainty, 
in such instances Ross Video shall provide written notice of such termination 
as soon as practicable but written notice shall not be a necessary prerequisite 
to such termination; and 

(b) 	in the event of a Change of Control of Licensee, Ross Video shall have 
the right to terminate this Agreement and the License granted hereunder upon 
thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Licensee. For greater certainty, Ross 
Video’s right to terminate in the event of a Change of Control of Licensee 
shall continue for a period of six (6) months from the date Licensee delivers 
notice of such Change of Control to Ross Video. 

(c)	Ross Video may terminate the License immediately on the date on which it 
provides notice to Licensee, if its agreements for Third Party Software are 
terminated.

 (4)	Upon the termination or expiry of this Agreement:

(a)	Licensee shall immediately cease and desist all use of the Software and 
Documentation; 

(b) 	Licensee shall immediately deliver to Ross Video any of Ross Video’s 
Confidential Information provided hereunder (including the Software and 
Documentation) then in its possession or control, if any, and shall deliver a 
certificate of an officer of Licensee certifying the completeness of same;

(c)	Licensee shall refrain from further use of such Confidential Information; 
and

(d)	Licensee shall forthwith pay all amounts owing to Ross Video or any of its 
Affiliates hereunder.

15.	SURVIVAL. The provisions of sections 1, 2, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 18, 
22, 23 and 24 herein shall survive the expiry or termination of this Agreement. 

16.	FORCE MAJEURE. Dates and times by which Ross Video is required to render 
performance under this Agreement shall be automatically postponed to the extent 
and for the period that Ross Video is prevented from meeting them by reason of 
events of force majeure or any cause beyond its reasonable control provided 
Ross Video notifies Licensee of the commencement and nature of such cause and 
uses its reasonable efforts to render performance in a timely manner.

17.	ASSIGNMENT.  Ross Video may assign this Agreement, or any of its rights or 
obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, upon notice to Licensee. Licensee 
shall not assign this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, 
in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Ross Video, which 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld. This Agreement enures to the benefit 
of and is binding upon each of the Parties and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns. 

18.	GOVERNING LAW. If Customer acquired the Ross Product(s) in the United 
States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where Customer’s principal 
place of business is located govern the interpretation of this Agreement, 
claims for its breach, and all other claims regardless of conflict of laws 
principles. If Customer acquired the Ross Product(s) in the European Union or 
the United Kingdom, then the laws of England and Wales apply.  If Customer 
acquired the Ross Product(s) in any other country, then the laws of the 
Province of Ontario, Canada shall apply.

19.	LANGUAGE. The Parties have expressly required that this Agreement and all 
documents relating thereto be prepared in English. Les parties ont expressément 
exigé que cette convention ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent 
soient rédigés en anglais. 

20.	GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS. If the Software and/or Documentation to be furnished 
to Licensee hereunder are to be used in the performance of a government 
contract or subcontract, the Software and/or Documentation shall be provided on 
a "restricted rights" basis only and Licensee shall place a legend, in addition 
to applicable copyright notices, in the form provided under the applicable 
governmental regulations. For greater certainty, Ross Video shall not be 
subject to any flowdown provisions required by any customer of Licensee that is 
a Governmental Authority unless Ross Video expressly agrees to be bound by such 
flowdown provisions in writing. 

21.	EXPORT AND IMPORT LAWS. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Software 
(including any technical data and related technology) may be subject to the 
export control laws, rules, regulations, restrictions and national  security 
controls of the United States and other applicable countries (the "Export 
Controls") and agrees not to export, re-export, import or allow the export, 
re-export or import of such export-controlled Software (including any technical 
data and related technology) or any copy, portion or direct product of the 
foregoing in violation of the Export Controls. Licensee hereby represents that 
it is not an entity or person to whom provision of the Software (including any 
technical data and related technology) is restricted or prohibited by the 
Export Controls. Licensee agrees that it has the sole responsibility to obtain 
any authorization to export, re-export, or import the Software (including any 
technical data and related technology), as may be required. Licensee will 
defend, indemnify and hold Ross Video harmless  from any and all claims, 
losses, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including 
attorney’s fees) arising from or relating to any breach by Licensee of its 
obligations under this Section.

22.	AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. No amendment, discharge, modification, restatement, 
supplement, termination or waiver of this Agreement or any Section of this 
Agreement is binding unless it is in writing and executed by the Party to be 
bound. No waiver of, failure to exercise or delay in exercising, any Section of 
this Agreement constitutes a waiver of any other Section (whether or not 
similar) nor does any waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise 
expressly provided.

23.	SEVERABILITY. Each Section of this Agreement is distinct and severable. If 
any Section of this Agreement, in whole or in part, is or becomes illegal, 
invalid, void, voidable or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by any court of 
competent jurisdiction, the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of that 
Section, in whole or in part, will not affect (a) the legality, validity or 
enforceability of the remaining Sections of this Agreement, in whole or in 
part; or (b) the legality, validity or enforceability of that Section, in whole 
or in part, in any other jurisdiction.

24.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, and any other documents referred to 
herein, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral 
agreements, representations and other communications between the Parties. 
